README.md, before:

# Project Flippi

Welcome to **Project Flippi**!  
This repository is the codebase for automated clip compilations and YouTube posting.
## Overview

Project Flippi is your highlight autopilot — capturing the hypest Super Smash Bros. Melee moments and flipping them straight onto YouTube so players and TOs can focus on what matters: playing more Melee.
## Features

- Processes combo data jsonl files generated by [[Project Clippi]] to generate prompts. Prompts are provided to AI to generate titles and descriptions. 
- Generates compilations of combo clips with title, description, and thumbnail.
- Uploads clips as shorts and compilations as vidoes to YouTube on a defined schedule.
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.
### Prerequisites

- Project-Flippi's Fork of Project Clippi https://github.com/project-flippi/project-clippi/
	- This fork allows for combodata to be written.
	- This fork also allows for automatic connections to OBS and Slippi Dolphin instances should the feature be enabled which speeds up the process for recording
- Project-Slippi slippi-launcher https://github.com/project-slippi/slippi-launcher/releases
- OBS setup following https://vinceau.medium.com/how-to-turn-slp-files-into-video-using-obs-and-project-clippi-23fe0598de29
	- Clip format should be 1920 vertical x 1080 horizontal
	- Clip format should have the game in the top 960 x 1080 and the player cam in the bottom 960 x 1080
- YouTube API key (required for 2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat)
- OpenAI API key (required for 2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi.git
cd project-flippi
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
npm init -y
npm install obs-websocket-js@4

#Upon your first use of this project or when you need to create a new event folder with the 
#associated data files needed for an upcoming tourney, a new weekly, or a new content series, 
#run the following and follow the prompts
cd project-flippi
0_CreateFlippiEventFolders.bat

#Place your Google API OAuth 2 client secret in _keys>client_secret.json
#Place your OpenAI API key in _keys>open_AI_key.json
#Enter your OBS websocket values in _keys>OBSconnection.json

# Next, before you go to an event to record footage, update your Project Clippi actions to write data 
# to a file when a combo/conversion event occurs and to save a OBS replay buffer.
# The data to write is
# {"timestamp":"{{YYYY}}-{{MM}}-{{DD}} {{HH}}-{{mm}}-{{ss}}","trigger":"filter","source":"{{comboSource}}","phase":"{{comboPhase}}","active":"{{liveHasActiveCombo}}","event":{{ComboEventPayload}}}
# The file to write to is combodata.jsonl located within project-flippi\_ActiveClippiComboData
```

### Usage
```bash
#After you created your event folder and have project-clippi setup with your desired settings, you are ready to run the  
#the following code in command prompt with admin privileges which boots OBS with replay buffer with video location based on user selected event, 
#boots Clippi, boots Slippi, and paths the activeclippicombodata jsonl file to the user selected event file.
cd project-flippi
1_StartFlippiRecordingStack.bat
```

```bash
#After you successfully record footage using the recording stack, and you are ready to run the upload schedule, 
# run the following code in command prompt with admin privileges. This can be left running indefinetely. 
cd project-flippi
2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.  
Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

I am in the process of creating contributions.md, if you have a contribution before then, feel free to make a pull request and I'll do my best to work with you.

## License

Distributed under the GNU GPLv3 license
See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi](https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi)

---

Commit message:

added info regarding node.js requirement

README.md, after:

# Project Flippi

Welcome to **Project Flippi**!  
This repository is the codebase for automated clip compilations and YouTube posting.
## Overview

Project Flippi is your highlight autopilot — capturing the hypest Super Smash Bros. Melee moments and flipping them straight onto YouTube so players and TOs can focus on what matters: playing more Melee.
## Features

- Processes combo data jsonl files generated by [[Project Clippi]] to generate prompts. Prompts are provided to AI to generate titles and descriptions. 
- Generates compilations of combo clips with title, description, and thumbnail.
- Uploads clips as shorts and compilations as vidoes to YouTube on a defined schedule.
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.
### Prerequisites

- Windows OS
- Node.js https://nodejs.org/en/download (recommend the prebuilt option near the bottom of the page)
- Project-Flippi's Fork of Project Clippi https://github.com/project-flippi/project-clippi/
	- This fork allows for combodata to be written.
	- This fork also allows for automatic connections to OBS and Slippi Dolphin instances should the feature be enabled which speeds up the process for recording
- Project-Slippi slippi-launcher https://github.com/project-slippi/slippi-launcher/releases
- OBS setup following https://vinceau.medium.com/how-to-turn-slp-files-into-video-using-obs-and-project-clippi-23fe0598de29
	- Clip format should be 1920 vertical x 1080 horizontal
	- Clip format should have the game in the top 960 x 1080 and the player cam in the bottom 960 x 1080
- YouTube API key (required for 2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat)
- OpenAI API key (required for 2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi.git
cd project-flippi
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
npm init -y
npm install obs-websocket-js@4

#Upon your first use of this project or when you need to create a new event folder with the 
#associated data files needed for an upcoming tourney, a new weekly, or a new content series, 
#run the following and follow the prompts
cd project-flippi
0_CreateFlippiEventFolders.bat

#Place your Google API OAuth 2 client secret in _keys>client_secret.json
#Place your OpenAI API key in _keys>open_AI_key.json
#Enter your OBS websocket values in _keys>OBSconnection.json

# Next, before you go to an event to record footage, update your Project Clippi actions to write data 
# to a file when a combo/conversion event occurs and to save a OBS replay buffer.
# The data to write is
# {"timestamp":"{{YYYY}}-{{MM}}-{{DD}} {{HH}}-{{mm}}-{{ss}}","trigger":"filter","source":"{{comboSource}}","phase":"{{comboPhase}}","active":"{{liveHasActiveCombo}}","event":{{ComboEventPayload}}}
# The file to write to is combodata.jsonl located within project-flippi\_ActiveClippiComboData
```

### Usage
```bash
#After you created your event folder and have project-clippi setup with your desired settings, you are ready to run the  
#the following code in command prompt with admin privileges which boots OBS with replay buffer with video location based on user selected event, 
#boots Clippi, boots Slippi, and paths the activeclippicombodata jsonl file to the user selected event file.
cd project-flippi
1_StartFlippiRecordingStack.bat
```

```bash
#After you successfully record footage using the recording stack, and you are ready to run the upload schedule, 
# run the following code in command prompt with admin privileges. This can be left running indefinetely. 
cd project-flippi
2_StartFlippiUploadSchedule.bat
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.  
Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

I am in the process of creating contributions.md, if you have a contribution before then, feel free to make a pull request and I'll do my best to work with you.

## License

Distributed under the GNU GPLv3 license
See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi](https://github.com/project-flippi/project-flippi)

---
